Hello, ladies and gentlemen, I am Bobcat Goldway and I am your guest compiler today.
Hi, Jerry, yes, I'd like to apologize to the ladies who are here for Jeff, but it's me, Bobcat Goldway.
And now here ye, here ye, Harmontown is now in session.
Here's the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
You were waiting for your name.
I didn't even know it was possible for you to do it wrong.
You are Pop Love's mayor.
I didn't mess that up, but I stood there for a second and I was waiting for it.
My name is the show anyway.
It's right there.
I know the mayor. Who's the mayor?
I said Harmontown, but is it town? Is that his name?
Please welcome Robert Town, the mayor of Harmontown.
I wrote Chinatown, didn't I?
Yes, yes, you did.
So welcome, Bobcat. Thank you for filling in for Jeff.
You'll find controlling is as easy as falling off a log.
Well, I'm a little nervous.
Now, by the time you got to the Gs in your Rolodex, who said no?
Or did you go by the first name?
It was just Elle, weird Elle said no, and then it was Bobcat.
No, I swear. I mean, you're a fan favorite to citizens of the town.
Oh, well, that's nice.
I don't have Robin Williams' number.
No, but I have a little bit like a hobo that jumped off a train in Harmontown.
I wasn't really invited.
Chincan for a hat.
Or you're like the town drunk that sleeps in the unlocked cell.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He comes and goes as he pleases, you know?
Otis!
Speaking of which, I got to shave this beard and get a haircut
because I just realized today, looking the mirror,
and maybe this is somebody only you and I will understand.
I'm starting to look like Uncle Jesse from a dupe's ass.
Right around, man.
You know what's weird to say this?
When I sighted and I thought, I thought you look good.
I really did. I was a little jealous.
But I wish I could grow ahead of hair.
And also, I can't grow hair right here.
Like, I need a merkin for my sideburns.
It's just, oh yeah.
Different people have different problems.
What I can't do is something that Spencer can do.
He can get that zeezy top thing going,
where your beard gets longer as time goes.
Mine just kind of galvanizes out like a cloud.
And I'm flattering myself by that comparison,
because random hairs will just send out tendrils.
And then I try to take a beard trimmer,
and I'm tired of the whole mess.
I got to get off this train, this crazy beard fat long hair train.
So next week you're going to be without beard?
I don't know.
You play this weird shell game with your fat face underneath the beard.
Or an advent calendar.
I don't know what's under there.
I don't know if I'm going to get a chocolate coin.
I have a feeling I'm going to look like Jerry Mathers
when they did the return to the beavers.
Is that beaver? Did he eat beaver? Who is that?
That sounded way dirtier than I wanted.
This is an interesting, we're touching upon Manorexia body issues
with men who are overweight.
I was going to say chubby, but that was a little too adorable.
I'm wearing this shirt.
I don't need this shirt.
My mother, did you ever buy Husky pants?
No, I wasn't Husky when they were still shopping with my mom.
I was in fat cages.
I looked like Ralph Maccio at that age.
I actually still shop with my mom, that's why.
I still look like Ralph Maccio.
My mother would take me to get the Huskies at Sears.
That's what they call the fat pants.
I don't know if they still have Husky.
I think they finally figured out somewhere between the end word and retarded.
They figured out that Husky was bad.
That it was part of the problem.
In a funeral for the word Husky.
Mother, why am I wearing dog pants?
My mother would lose her shit about an hour into finding pants for her.
I was basically Bobby Hill, this fat little boy.
She would go, you're not fat, you're Husky.
Then when none of them would fit, she's like,
I'm going to take you to the tent department.
Actual quote.
What?
Oh no.
She's jump cut.
I'm on stage.
I think that describes all of it.
Love me, mom.
Where do you get that nutty character from?
My mother said I should wear tents.
There's two things I wanted to talk about with that nutty character.
One is that when you became famous,
your name was Bobcat Goldway.
Correct.
You came out and you would go,
which sounds like a little Bobcat.
Oh no, no, no, that wasn't the connection.
See, this is great to finally have this.
You thought way more about it than I did.
Was that just an old nickname, Bobcat?
Yeah, Bobcat.
I became Bobcat when I was about 15.
I'll try to do a quick version of the story,
because I do get asked that sometimes.
The host of your Jeff stories, like you don't know.
Oh, okay.
But this hasn't end.
No, so when I was, I started doing comedy when I was 15,
16 years old around that age.
Tom Kenny, who I don't want to name drop,
but he's sponge about square pants.
I've known him since I was six.
Oh really?
Oh yeah, yeah.
And so we grew up together at Catholic School.
Started doing comedy at a local open mic night.
A very funny comedian, Barry Crimmins,
comes in and he announces that he's Bearcat now.
And that we're going to introduce him as Bearcat.
And us being sarcastic, little pricks both go,
oh, that's funny.
They call me Tomcat.
And I'm like, oh, I'm Bobcat.
He's like, really?
But you killed that night, so it's stuck forever.
You're afraid to shake your audience.
No, no.
The problem is the punchline is they're Barry and Tom.
And I'm Bobcat.
He's like, yeah, I really gave it to him.
I'm 15 now.
And I'm Bobcat, you know.
But it's easier to stick with Bobcat.
Listen to people mangle Gulfway, you know.
I always, because when I met you then and the,
when I, well, I met, I told the story,
Schrab and I met you in Milwaukee.
And you were, you were still Bobcat,
Gulfway, but you were at least that night.
You were, had an ass load of it.
Well, you were, you were, you were talking normal.
You weren't doing the character.
Right.
And you also were like, inspiringly jaded.
We're not having any of what my hometown was giving you
in terms of talk back and the reception.
And we're saying these really amazing,
smart, cynical things.
But, and I think you were still calling yourself,
but you might not have been.
I thought, my perception was that at one point,
if you were famous for being Bobcat, Gulfway,
that then, if the, if the, if the,
if one decade turned into another,
then when you meet that person again,
you'd expect them to want to be called Bob or Robert
or Octavius or something.
Right.
But, but I thought that's because you were called
Bobcat because the character was,
rare I'm Bobcat, Gulfway, rare I'm a tiger, rare.
And I was way off base.
That sounded like the guy who was the gatekeeper
in the Wizard of Oz.
The wizard's not here.
I, uh, no, no, no, I never gave it that much thought.
I was Bobcat actually before the persona.
Most of my close friends call me Bobcat,
but my family doesn't.
Like my daughter on purpose will be in a mall and go,
look, that's Bobcat, you know, just to make my skin crawl.
And, but yeah, I don't think too much about it.
I don't want to be like, you know,
I don't want to be Ricky Schroeder who I'm now Rick.
Right.
You know, and people go, oh, police.
You were in police academy.
Now you want to be taken serious.
So, so, uh, I don't think too much about it.
I'm comfortable with Bobcat.
Speaking of which, there's a story that,
that Schrab told me that I think you must have told him.
It's, it's kind of, it's a, it sounds like a sad story,
but your sad stories are really funny.
Um, uh, like, you cut me off if you either don't want
to tell the story or, or start telling it if you,
if you know what I'm talking about.
Robin Williams was going to be in some commercial
and, and he said to the people shooting the commercial.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So he called me up and he goes, you know,
they're going to make you do the voice.
Well, he said, right, Robin said, I'll only do it if like.
Yeah.
He brought me up.
He got me, he got me money.
Right.
Basically, Robin's a nice man and got me a nice paycheck
and took care of my back taxes.
And, and, and he said, yeah, I want Bobcat in it.
And then he's like, you know, I'll only do it if he,
they call me up and they go, you know,
you're going to have to do the voice.
Like he's giving me a heads up, you know,
it'd be nice.
And, and I said, for the amount of money they're paying me,
I will fuck a Snickers bar.
There's a Snickers bar.
That's what I say that.
Yeah.
And when I say that, people go, how do you fuck a Snickers bar?
See, I didn't even blink at that.
I was like, yeah, I was like, oh,
that'll just put a small discreet hole in the Snickers bar.
I guess I should have.
I could fill it with more Nugget.
Like, that was grosser than I wanted it to be.
I was in a come joke.
Or, or you, uh, I just, I guess I saw it going up my ass.
Honestly.
My first thought was, I have a pencil ticket.
Your first thought was you fucking like putting things up your ass.
Well, I'm more comfortable with the gay part of my, uh,
no, but here's the thing.
There's a caveat with the Mars corporation that I really,
Oh, you can't already hear the,
by the way, that doesn't mean I don't like Snickers.
I'm just saying that maybe one of my ass would be nice too.
We're suggesting other ways that it satisfies.
Did you hear that?
And there's God.
This is typical me.
All of it.
Here's some money.
All right.
You got to give it back.
They said to me, I had a short meeting when they're going,
now there's this thing where you,
if you get involved in a scandal,
or if you do something that's offensive or outrageous,
that they, you know, you could have to give the money back.
Jesus.
And I said, well, I can't imagine that something like that ever happening.
I'm like, did you ever hear people have no idea who they're dealing with?
I'm like, I couldn't imagine anything like that happening.
Uh, did you ever hear this, this, this LA legend about, um,
who's the guy that created all the game shows?
Griff, Griffith.
Murf, Murf, Griffith.
Murf, Griffith.
Yeah.
When you hear, when you would fit on this show,
when you hear the words Murf, Griffith, and Candy Bar,
does anything come into your head that you ever heard?
No, no.
For some reason, when I first got to LA, someone,
and by, I'm not, I actually know who the someone is,
and it's, and, and, and, and, and,
so I'm not going to say his name because I don't want,
I don't want anyone calling him for confirmation,
but he pointed at the, we were driving down the street,
he pointed at this one distinct building,
he's like this circular building that's like a house,
like a big circular house on a hill,
something that's like kind of prominent in the LA scenery,
and he said, he said, you know, they say that,
uh, Murf Griffin lives up there,
and he, and that he eats candy bars out of little boys' butts.
I just, just asking, if you would ever, I don't,
I mean, it was so random, and I was like,
like, like, I guess that's the secret of our relationship.
Will he be remembered for the hours of enjoyment
he supplied American television?
No.
And I was like, is that why the house is round,
so that they can, I don't know, it's like an arena,
or that they, like,
but then I realized if you really wanted to,
you know, it should be like a triangle,
like maximize the corners, you know,
like, um,
and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and,
I just thought, like, like, that's how,
that becomes an urban legend because it's, it's just interesting.
You got to pass it on because it's so specific.
Somebody out there tried to make like a believable urban legend,
like, hey, did you hear,
uh, uh, uh, Robert Downey Jr.
uh, uh, did some Coke last night?
Like, and no one, no one spreads it, you know,
no one cares.
But you see, you got to, you got to, like,
do something really specific with something very specific.
Culture, because, like,
these, these urban lab legends,
because if you don't address them,
people just accept them as true.
Like, the Richard Geer thing.
Yeah, I mean, I really wish Richard Geer
would go on a talk show and say,
look, I, I, I never had a hamster in my ass.
Yeah.
Just go look at this face.
Do you really think I'm that bored
with pussy?
Yeah.
I'm going to put an hamster in your ass before Richard Geer does.
Yeah, you know, I, I mean,
or are you looking at the other way though?
He'd be bored of pussy sooner.
He'd wear it out.
Well, sometimes like rock stars, I think,
Tom Kenny had this theory that they're like, uh,
you know what I mean? And they get bored with,
you know what I mean?
Because there's a picture of Brando with a wiener in his mouth.
Like, and it's like, and his explanation of it,
I think, I think he, I think he said it one time.
He's like, yeah, I was just like,
because he was at the height of his fucking dominance
of everything.
And it's like, after a while, I'm sure, you know,
the Caprio and McGuire probably go like,
hey man, you thinking what I'm thinking?
We're the only two people we haven't talked to yet.
Let's, let's go to the bathroom
and set our record.
It's just, it's just a numbers game?
Yeah, or just, it's just like an Everest game, you know?
It's just like, like, like,
walking over the frozen bodies of,
of, of every supermodel in the world
and going like, this is, this is, you know,
you're not invited.
I'm bored.
I'm so bored of pussy.
Is that Drupy?
Drupy dog, you got a lot of talent.
And he eventually, he funds Yosemite Sam,
like,
I only took out enough
to win. Yeah, I'm not going to do
Yosemite Sam.
I'll say, I'll say, boy, no,
he, he, fuck, fuck,
let go. I'll say, I'll say, boy,
what are you doing with that erection?
So, I,
but, you know what,
never in the Rivermill, Clooney.
Clo, yeah, because
he's, uh,
we're all trying to achieve Clooney.
I mean, you know. Yeah, we want him,
he's like, like, Kerry Grant or whatever he fits,
he's that tarot card that we reserve for
one guy that's like, uh, he's
faced a paparazzi's tire.
Come on, man.
How can you be that
zen, that perfect? Every time he's
in the news, it's like he
tipped a lemonade stand, $100.
He, you know what I mean?
We're going to find out when he, you know,
something, he's got to have, like, a,
like a trap door under a carpet in his house, right?
There's got to be some dudes
down there or something. No, man, I don't want
anything bad about Clooney.
I want to believe there's one person
without, without, um,
although the political, uh, the
right, the conservative, uh, groups hate him,
but, you know. Oh, because he's outspoken.
Yeah, yeah.
Which is just so insane, you know,
all the, the, that whole,
you know, when I made the movie Goblet's America,
there'd be a lot of conservative types that would
be so angry at the movie and not
seeing it or they just needed
it for fodder, you know what I mean? It's not
reality, you know? I didn't say
you couldn't make a movie where
I don't know who was the Bill O'Reilly
type that got shot in the face.
Didn't one of the Zucker Brothers, like, make, like
the world's first conservative comedy?
Yeah, yeah. I was like, why, why, why
is all comedy, like, so liberal
and stuff when he made, like, a, a parody
of Michael Moore? Yeah, and it was
like, yeah, he's doing bits in it that are, like,
Zucker Brothers bits, but they're,
the joke is that, uh,
uh, you know,
9-Eleven's gonna happen again if we don't
uh, stay on our walk guard
like, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Like, like, why do you think comedy's
liberal? Because we need to fucking relax.
But
why does conservatism
doesn't lend itself to comedy?
But the other thing is, is like, uh,
Michael Moore has a huge
sense of self-parity, you know? It's not
like, he's not like a guy that doesn't,
you know, who isn't the first one to crack
wise about himself. It's like, we gotta take
that clown down a couple matches. Yeah,
I mean, it's never gonna work if you're,
yeah, not coming from that side.
It's just too much. I mean, I'm sure there's
very funny, and certainly there's very smart people
who also happen to be politically
right-leaning, but just in general,
like, there's two, those two things
don't traditionally mesh, and I think
there's a, although there is like, uh,
there's the, uh, there's
just this weird thing, like,
when Clint Eastwood went up and talked to the chair,
that bit, it wasn't
the sign of a guy being crazy. That bit just
wasn't written for me. It wasn't written
for progressive liberal types. It was like,
you know, he was making fun
of people, that people,
I didn't see it as a guy who was
nuts. I just thought, oh, these jokes
aren't for me. Right. He knew his audience.
He wasn't babbling. He wasn't insane,
and it killed there, and you know, and it didn't
kill there, but they were really mad that he didn't
go out there and just go, make my day. They're like,
you're a conservative. You're just
supposed to say your catchphrases. Come on, say
that little vista, baby. That's what a conservative
of, you know, you're supposed to say
that I'll be back. You're not
supposed to go up there and do a
bit. So, uh, I actually
defend him. I think he's a very bright man.
It's just those jokes weren't for me.
Yeah, I, I, I, I reckon
you're right. I don't know.
Politics.
Uh, uh, uh, uh,
back, back to Husky body
issues.
Back to me. I saw, I saw
I saw a first cut of my, uh,
uh, documentary,
uh, the documentary about Harmontown.
And my big takeaway is
I had no idea how fat my
hands are. Like, I,
I was like the whole time I'm looking at my big
fat face with my stupid, straggly
beard and my, my bags under my
eyes and my, yeah, I knew I was thinning
back there and then I don't, I, yeah, it's
weird posture. I walk like a train
circus bear. I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I make these
weird aloof expressions when I'm actually
thinking and feeling, uh, thank you, sir
and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and
yet the look on my face looks like I want
people to die and, uh, weird
fucking disorders
facially and, and, and I, I mean, all of this I knew
when I, when I take off my shirt,
I know I look like Ron Jeremy or
uh, or uh, George the Animal
Steel but, but, but, but, but, but
if he only ever wrestled Twinkies
uh, uh, and, and won
every time, uh,
undefeated, um,
the, the, but, but I never knew
because there's all these shots of me typing
because I'm a writer and, uh,
and this is like close-ups of my hands
and shots of angles of me with
my hands in front of me typing and I had these little
Gerber baby hands.
These little, like, like, like, little
doll hands that I'm like, big short
fat fingers. I, I always
thought that, that, that, that,
that from my perspective, I think
it's because the fingers disappear into the
distance as I'm looking at them.
I always pictured that, that
from your perspective, I would look
like a, like a, like a cool wizard
when I was typing. I just look like
a little, little baby hamster,
like, uh, like just, just
poking at the keys with my little baby carrot
fingers and I was like, just looks
like I'm just filled with vodka and I'm
just like, like, if you poked one of the ends of my fingers
it would just be this little stream which
shoot out like a vodka sprinkler.
Like a surgical glove when you fill it
with, uh, yeah.
So you didn't realize you had the chubby baby
hands? I had a little tiny baby hands.
I can't remember what I, I think it's, the vanity
is really funny. Like, I'm diagnosed with
pre-diabetes. I'm not going to lose weight.
I see myself on something and I'm like,
man, uh, you're fat, BC.
You got to take a couple LPs off.
Like, I recently lost 20 pounds because
I saw myself, like, got something.
Yeah. I, I, well, I have definitely,
yeah, I'm going to shave the beard and I'm going to,
you know, get easy on the drinking.
The whole documentary is about what a drunk I am.
Don't you think the beard slenderizes?
Well, it, it's just the, I mean,
in the sense that a, a giant Schrab
slenderizes a big fat monster behind it.
Yeah.
By making less of it visible.
I mean, but you're not really fooling anybody.
It's, it's not, I mean,
I, I, my, uh,
my wife, the O9 will not allow
me to grow a beard.
I don't know why. Well, it's probably,
well, don't women generally,
I mean, Erin, Erin likes
the beard. I think I finally found her limits
and stuff, but, uh, I mean,
she's the exception. Like, a lot of,
a lot of women, like, I thought
they liked the little baby face.
I don't know why she won't let me have facial hair.
Do I sound whipped?
No. Do, do, do,
give, give, give, give, give, give,
give her a glass ceiling in this country.
Give her, give her something.
You can't make as much as me.
She could be here. She would be here.
70% of you. She would be here.
That's good, that's good.
Those are the same work, you know?
She was sitting there. She would be here.
She would be here.
She would be here. Did you have to pay to be here?
You know, she'd have to give me some of that water.
That's why she gets,
me without, uh, yeah,
I don't know. What the,
yeah, but I think her thing is
that she is a fear that I,
I would be a 50 year old
I went to a friend's 40th birthday yesterday,
and because it was one of those parties
where you hire one bartender,
and there's a little tiny bar,
and there's like 50 people there,
and I was like, this isn't gonna work for me,
so I went to the liquor store down the street,
and I bought a fifth of Kettle One,
and then I was like, well, what am I supposed to do with it?
Because I'm just gonna become a second bartender.
If I put it down, people are gonna come up
and start making screwdrivers with it,
and I'm gonna be going crazy.
I can't keep it in my pocket because it's a fifth.
They didn't have flash size,
so I really crossed a threshold.
I kept saying, this is the second milestone in my biopic,
where I, long story short, I just took the cap off,
and I was just walking around a party with a fifth of vodka,
and at the end of that party, it was empty.
Like, it was a milkshake or something,
and I was fine, kind of.
I mean, I got a huge fight with my girlfriend,
so I went and had another drink somewhere else,
and I was like, midnight, and I bought some Del Taco,
and I probably could've killed 11 people,
and I watched Inglourious Basterds,
or rather that was on when I woke up on the sofa,
and then apologized to my girlfriend
because I was like, lightheaded,
and I drank probably a half a gallon of vodka,
and it didn't really, other people will pass out
or puke before they die of alcohol poisoning.
I'm one of those people that really needs
to actually, I gotta watch my shit a little bit.
Right, now you weren't worried about what people
were thinking when you were just taking a poll
out of this bottle at a party?
Well, what are they gonna,
what's the worst they could think?
I think Dan might drink a lot.
I mean, that ship has sailed
on an ocean of something that isn't water.
But if you used the straw, you would've looked adorable.
If you just water it out. I don't know, like a light-up one
from Disneyland, it was like, loopy straw,
and they go, oh, he's doing one of his bits.
That guy's always on.
I'm gonna detox, this is, I'm uncharacteristically sober
for this show, I'm a little less nervous
than the first time we did this show, sober.
I'm gonna see what the effect of a week is,
but I don't like former drinkers,
how evangelical and weird and sober they are,
but we had Chris Hardwick on the show,
he's been sober for a long time.
I think you're probably sober, right?
Yeah, people don't know that about me, no.
Right, because you don't run around
to look like the Richard Dawson of sobriety.
I'm a member of an anonymous program,
so that's why they don't know it.
Oh, sorry.
No, no, no, but I'll talk about it now,
but I mean, yeah, I stopped drinking
and all that when I was 19.
I'm kinda glad to at this point,
because it's 30 years, you know,
but I don't think it's an achievement
when people get sober, you know what I'm saying?
And a lot of people make it their personality.
Yeah, and that's just criminal
as being drunk and having to have to be a personality.
Exactly, and I just find,
I actually find sober people super fucking annoying,
and I'm sober, but I did have a vacation from sobriety
because of my bad back.
I was undelodded for a little bit,
and I was really, I joke about that,
but I was terrified of it.
I really kinda was afraid
that this was gonna start something.
Oh, you were gonna agree.
But the weird part of it was
I really couldn't wait to get off of it,
but I was really high on stage and at film festivals,
and I was going, man, this is awesome.
Like, I didn't worry about headburns.
Yeah, I think I'm gonna jump right into weed.
Like, I'm not gonna.
Well, the lot it is heavy.
I mean, that's morphine.
I was on the shit that killed Lenny Bruce,
and I'm up on stage, and I'm going,
ask me anything.
You know, what do you wanna know?
How heavy is Pluto?
Oh, no.
Real heavy, baby.
I was like, no, I was talking about anything.
You know, hey, yeah, what's, you know,
talk about Sam Kiddison and your rival,
or what's it like to bang Nicky Cox?
You know, I was just like an open book.
Oh my God, you banged Nicky Cox.
Well, when you're engaged, that comes up.
Yeah, yeah.
It happens, it's like, it's not like a period
of a trauma where marriage is arranged
and you had to pretend you had sex.
No, but I would, that was always something
that just talking about it, I'd be like,
you know, recoil if anyone asked,
but when I'm on Dilaudid, my life was an open book.
I was just, your audience doesn't appreciate Dilaudid,
but someday, oh, you've tried it, you've had it,
for surgery?
Yeah, it's really weird, isn't it?
It's a little bit like ejaculating all day.
That's what it was like.
I mean, without the face.
I mean, I wasn't like, you know.
That's the only bad thing about it.
That's my sexy face, I had to walk around with it.
Oh my God.
You know, he's having a stroke, someone help him stretch.
Bill Bards up all over the city of you,
just like with glasses on, reading a library book,
and it says, I'm ejaculating it right now.
Thanks to you.
Thanks Dilaudid.
I don't know if that's a name.
I think it is just the general name for this beautiful,
beautiful little pill.
I'm looking at my Evernote app.
OK, more Hollywood gossip.
This comes to me from an unnamed source
that claims to have two sources, which
makes it an urban legend.
Do Jeremy Piven and John Kuzak really, literally,
have a lot of three ways together?
I don't know.
Wow.
I am.
Jean Lyon, Los Angeles.
This is just in.
No, I thought maybe you do one of those.
I thought they were on the outs, actually.
I thought Piven and Kuzak don't hang out anymore.
That's what I hear.
I did a movie.
Well, I bet double-teaming women probably
tests the metal of your friendship.
That candle probably burns brightly and quicker.
It's being burnt at both ends.
Beef fungus bill with the grand slam.
Sorry, I wasn't doing that to humble you.
I was doing a callback.
You know how people call you Beef Fungus Bill, do you?
Beef Fungus Bill?
He brought some beef and had some fungus on it.
Did it have any hallucinogenic properties?
We don't know how they discovered LSD.
It was a fungus.
We hallucinated before we found the fungus on it
that it was OK to eat a stranger's meat at a show.
That's just brought it in paperbacks.
Back to eating stranger's meat.
I don't believe they had a three-way.
I mean, maybe they have.
I don't think that's their thing.
John is like, the urban legend I heard
is that they're constantly, like they have sex together,
not with each other, but that if you're
having sex with one of them, it's like the other guy's there.
Because John has actually entered Howard Hughes kind of thing.
He's a little like, you know.
He's making airplanes?
No, he's like, you know, he has daily seaweed wraps and doesn't.
He's just kind of a little.
Yeah, having a daily three-way would share me.
I don't think he's really too awesome about germs
right now and people.
And he kind of jettisoned a lot of friends.
I did a movie with him a million years ago
called One Crazy Summer.
Yeah, you did.
And he was very, we were pally and everything.
But we were recently talking about doing a follow-up,
like one nutty autumn.
Two mildly sane sort of whatever.
No, One Crazy Summer.
How about Dan Harmon Kills Themself?
One Crazy Summer had a different title.
And then Savage Steve Holland was so upset when they called it
One Crazy Summer.
And he's like, if Warner Brothers was releasing Woody Allen
movie, it'd be One Neurotic Jew.
So we had a bunch.
Jenny Moore was in that.
Was Curtis Armstrong in that?
Curtis, AKA Booger.
Yeah, we'd be walking around with Q-Zack and Demi Moore.
And all these people, they were recognizable,
but no one would recognize anybody,
except the guy Booger, Curtis.
He'd be like, Booger, Booger.
We were in Massachusetts.
And so we were talking about a one nutty autumn, which
would have been Hoops McCann, John Q-Zack's character,
30 years later, or 25 years later,
is now running like a Pixar.
Like his dream did come true, because at the end of that,
he went off and became an animator.
And in this movie, we all band together
to come and try to get his sense of humor back.
Before the release of a movie based
on different kinds of hardware and a drawer or whatever.
Or no, we try to talk him out of doing the Raven.
Whatever happened to Savage Steve?
Savage Steve Holland directs a lot of stuff.
Oh, it was like ABC Family stuff, yeah.
I mean, well, he was such a mean little kid.
Yeah, he did.
Better Off Dead was like the, you know, it was,
Better Off Dead is a better movie than One Crazy Summer,
but they're both really funny.
And he definitely had his own view.
And yeah, you know, he was a very, very unique comedic voice
at the time.
It was like, like, like, like, like, Better Off Dead
was like the easy rider of my, like, like, like,
when I was like 10 or something, I don't know how old I was,
but it was like, holy shit, this movie is so fucking different.
It's so, like, it didn't break the fourth wall,
but it did something equally kind of like, like, like,
it was just, it had this, like, mystical realism to it.
And it was like the paper boy that wants his $2
and he's everywhere.
I mean, like, it was somewhere between Zucker Brothers
and all the corny ass, like, like, like, Rat Pack movies,
like, like, like, like, they're just getting laughs
off the fact that you get a boner.
Like, it was like, it had this wild, like, like, whatever.
Why am I explaining Savage Steve to anybody?
No, but it was the equivalent of, like,
to that Zucker humor, but it also had characters
that were based in reality, and by the end of the movie,
you actually cared about, which is weird when you watch
a Zucker movie because they'll be really funny jokes,
but eventually I'm like, I don't care about anything.
And when I get done, I don't have any idea
what these filmmakers are thinking about.
And clearly, I've noticed that conservative people
do very silly comedy because they can't really expose
how they really see themselves or the world.
Right, so a high fight is something that a Republican
could understand, you know?
Yeah, or they'll make a Michael Moore movie that tanks.
The only reason I'm banging on them is whatever,
because they're kind of dicks.
I haven't met all of them, but one of them's a real cock.
I went in and met with them, and then, and I go,
hey, that meeting went well, and he called up my agent
and said, that was the worst meeting I've ever had.
Why did you send him here?
Oh, no.
Who?
Yeah, good luck with scary movie five.
Man, talk about, oh, fuck that.
I can't even talk about that.
That's so sad.
The way that silly comedy started as silly comedy,
which was never hired in the first place,
but how fucking low it got, like how it just turned.
Well, it's not comedy, it's like, these are things you know.
It's just sad that you recognize this.
Like, it's just literally like a guy will walk on screen,
and then he'll just say, I see dead people.
Like, and then just take a bow and walk off.
And then, like, it was already fucking with us
that the Zuckers would go like, hey,
he's turned into jelly back there,
and they'd cut to the guy, and he's made a fucking jelly,
and then they'd cut back, and the guy would be normal again.
But it was like, they were still doing gags,
and they were still stringing it along with a narrative.
But it was like, it's just nuts that people would come in,
and like, get off my lawn.
Everyone, America, get off my lawn.
Speaking of getting old, I'm going down my every note.
Let's see what else we got here.
I wrote down hacky dreaming,
because last night I had to dream.
I feel like, now that I'm 40, my serotonin
is probably depleting or something,
or like the dots that my unconscious mind is able
to connect are getting closer together.
And so like, dreams used to be, when I was 25,
if I remember a dream, it'd be like,
you're on the bank of a river,
but the river has upside-down buildings instead of clouds,
and there's a crocodile that goes,
hey, let me show you what's in my wallet.
It'll be like a picture of Brooke Shields,
and then she'll start talking,
and you can go into the picture,
but the picture's at your grandma's house,
and you're like, explain the dream,
and you're like, wow, I'm fucked up.
That's awesome, like my brain's on fire.
And I don't remember a lot about my dream last night,
but I remember at one point,
there was a character who wasn't a crocodile,
and I was in a normal place,
and the character of the dream kept going,
hey, can I show you something?
Can I show you something?
And he pulled out his wallet,
and he was clearly stalling for time,
and never opened his wallet,
because my brain painted itself into a corner.
I remember being conscious of that,
and my sleep, I was like, shit, man,
this used to be a cake while I was just like,
what's in there?
A train?
If my shame hadn't jarred me awake,
there probably would've ended up being
just a Python reference in there,
or something.
I think I'm gonna better play this guy,
show you something,
and he has dollars and credit cards in his license.
And he looks up at you, and he goes, you're all out.
Dan, you're all out.
Yeah, right, your budget.
A train has no budget, it's just like,
hey, you wanna go get a sandwich?
Oh, shit, this place is, it's cash only.
Was it in color, or do you dream in color?
Yes, I guess so.
I've heard that conversation happen before,
but you would notice if it was black and white, right?
You'd be conscious of it being black and white.
I don't know, but I think it's more sepia.
You know, I mean, it's not one way or the other.
I just remember the experiences,
and since my experiences are in color,
and since the things that I dream are kind of the same
as the things that happen except with crocodiles and stuff,
but I assume it's in color.
But I've had bold dreams that felt like reality,
and they were definitely, you know, they popped more.
They were more HD than...
It was great when you have a really shitty, vivid dream,
like it's one of those dreams that's like so grounded,
but it's skewing bad.
It's not like I found $50, and then you wake up,
and you've got that $50 smile that's fully phased,
and I don't have $50.
But isn't it great when the opposite happens,
when it's like, you just kind of like,
ah, shit, I lost a YouTube video contest or something.
I was, everyone saw my dick or something,
and then you wake up, and you're kind of bummed out about it,
and you forgive yourself, you're like,
oh, well, everyone makes mistakes,
so now everyone knows what my dick looks like now,
and I'll just, I'm just gonna take it to data check.
Wait a minute, no one did, I didn't do that, that's crazy.
Or like an unimaginative dream that's not easy,
I mean, that's super easy to figure out,
like, you know, you're just like standing
with someone you're crushing on, watching a train.
I guess I want a fucker.
Boring.
What did that dream mean about?
I don't know, we were eating popsicles.
Me and Richard Geer.
We were in a big wheel, and it just kept,
sober for a week, hanky dreaming.
Willow Creek, your movie, you should get something out of this.
You had a screening of this movie, Willow Creek,
it's like this Bigfoot horror movie that you made,
where the interesting experiment is that you,
there's narrative elements that you shot
like a regular movie, but because it's a Bigfoot,
like kind of a mythology movie, it's around the Bigfoot myth,
you have interviews, as if they're part of the narrative,
as if, you know, it'd be one of them.
But your interviews are actually real interviews
with real Bigfoot people, who didn't know
they were characters in your movie.
Well, I didn't do that out of being mean.
No, it was like a candid camera of jokes on film.
No, I just thought if I explained it to them,
it would have made them, you know,
it suddenly would have been very hammy,
or they would have been overthinking.
So, they didn't need to know that the actors
that they were talking to really weren't Jim and Kelly
from San Francisco.
Right, yeah.
But I did, I was heavily into the Sasquatch community,
I was fortunate to have, I don't know how to tell you,
in order to get to, it's where the Paris and Gimlin
footage was shot, so that's the famous Bigfoot.
You're in a little deep, oh, you were about to explain it,
sorry, I was about to tease you for a bit, like, okay.
Oh, for the Paris and Gimlin, you're a little deep.
You were inside too long, it's too deep covering up.
Well, no one would, I thought, I'm gonna explain.
Paris and Gimlin is the, you've seen that footage
of Bigfoot turning around and looking behind herself,
by the way, it has breasts on that one.
I do love the Bigfoot guys that found that,
like, they're sewing the Bigfoot and they're going,
here, those tits, you know what I mean, like, there you go.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, there's six messages from their girlfriends,
like, what are you guys doing?
You're watching this footage.
Leave it alone, leave it alone, look at those cans.
Oh, you wanted Patty.
So, that's why they call it that Bigfoot Patty.
So, I went to where the site was,
which is 11 hours from here, and then we go to this town,
where you drive another 40 miles,
and then you go 17 miles down a dirt road,
takes two and a half hours to get there,
and the bottom, then we hike.
There's no one around, nothing around,
and one of the, this Ranger Robert,
who is a Sasquatch expert, that's the best way to describe,
it's about 3 a.m., we've seen mountain lions,
we're in the middle of nowhere.
This guy is my life, like, if anything ever happened to us,
this is how I'm gonna live.
And he says, so, you know, I'm a writer too.
And I go, oh, really, what do you write?
He goes, well, I write, it's, you know Twilight?
And I go, yeah, I know Twilight.
So, I write like Twilight,
but set in the Bigfoot community.
I write books for tweens in the Sasquatch world.
And I go, oh, that's good, I guess,
I know this sounds like I'm setting you up,
but this is not true.
And then he goes, because I have my book, Yeti or Not.
It's a coming of age tale.
I think some of you are calling bullshit on this,
just look it up, you can buy it.
Oh, it exists, it's published.
Oh, sure, sure.
Oh, Jesus.
So, Yeti or Not, and yeah, so, you know,
you said something really funny about-
I doubt it.
No, it is, because I've stole it.
Now, when I'm doing the Q and A, I explain it,
where you said, we're talking about picked upon subgroups.
And you said, it's like people who love Renfaire
and then Al-Qaeda and then Bigfoot believers,
as far as people who get picked up
or people that people don't understand.
Some people are rolling with a couple of Al-Qaeda people,
like that's the last one.
Let's see what he's got to say,
maybe he's got some valid points.
I mean, yeah, he joined for the health benefits,
it's not, the thing is he's a great drinking buddy.
All right, sober for a week,
Hackey Dream and Willow Creek documentary,
Baby Hands, Purge, Return of the Arkons,
that Purge movie looks like it's ripping off
the Star Trek original series episode,
Return of the Arkons, looking up and crying from the rooftops.
Maybe they give him credit, I don't know.
It's like, obviously this Purge thing,
and I asked somebody what it's about in their description,
is the description of this Star Trek original episode.
But what I don't know about the original episode,
is that you have X amount of time to go kill?
Yeah, that's where Stiller's production company,
Red Hour, gets its name from,
it's a reference to their festival.
I think I'm getting this right,
I mean, you definitely don't want to get things wrong.
Where you get to kill for one hour?
Yeah, I think they purge for an hour,
like everything, nothing is illegal,
you can do anything to anyone you want.
But is it the idea that you're in,
that we're all just kind of suppressing this?
Yeah, and so because they do this,
they're able to be collective and harmonic,
like for the rest of the week.
So like what the, oh shoot,
not the, you know, the pretzels, the,
Rommish stew.
Oh, that bra, yeah, Rommish stew.
Yeah, a little bit like that.
Ragnarok.
Rommish, Romspring.
Romspring, Romspring, Romspring.
Anyone here on Romspringin' tonight?
Yeah.
That's worse than a bachelorette party,
I tell you the truth.
It's just one guy with a bunch of dick-shaped cups.
That is the bane of stand-up, is the bachelorette party.
Oh man.
It is the worst.
Right down front.
It won't make you a feminist.
It will not, like as a stand-up.
You will not, your Alan Alda stuff
will not come out on stage
if there's a bachelorette party in the audience.
What if a bachelorette party is not being thrown
by feminists, you know, it's not.
That's what I'm saying.
Like it won't, like it does not bring
the woman lover out of you.
And it's always like dick-cups and dick-cats.
There's all this shit on the table
and they're wearing shit on their heads
and they're screaming at a frequency
that only chimpanzees, like, no,
and associate with tigers.
Talk about Chloe!
Yeah, and then finally you say something,
like please be quiet, like America hates you right now.
And so fucking vindictively angry,
like during the show, after the show,
I remember it like, because I would referee
for this thing called comedy sports
where you stand out there and you,
like that was like hosting an improv show
and you're getting the suggestions, all this stuff.
And like the fucking worst bachelorette parties kill me.
I, you know, once I just went like,
I'm not proud that I can shut up hecklers, you know,
and the crowd hated these women so much
and I finally just, I kind of, they were like,
you know, kick them out, shut them up.
And so I just unleash on them.
And I truly, I really don't, when I like see red,
I really, it's just like, right?
And I come out of it because the crowd's cheering.
Because, like Teen Wolf.
Because he's holding a basketball.
Yeah.
Oh!
Why have I poodle parts and blood on gore all over me?
It's like a scene from that hot new franchise,
Yeti or Not.
So.
We're Blake, like, don't make two in the Himalayas.
And it's like, did I, did I do it all the way
with Veronica?
Don't make Seth angry.
So I, so I, and that's the thing.
It's like the crowd, we're weird.
I guess that's just all cultures,
but like people go nuts.
They really love that.
Yeti, because people love other people giving bait up.
Like a bar's never empty because they go,
hey quick, two guys are getting along in the parking lot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's watch them get along.
So I get, I think there's loose change falling back
into their pockets because they're,
they love each other so much.
So I get, I totally, I know I just abuse these women
to, you know, shame them.
And then I come out of it and the crowd's cheering.
And then I go back into my monologue
and then this woman stands up, tears,
and she goes, I am not a whore.
I don't remember, I, you know, the, also the,
the male equivalent, the bachelor party,
even if they're, you know, at a strip club,
they're still not, you know,
they don't have hats with vaginas on it.
You know what I mean?
That would just be creepy.
You would be like,
hey there's a table full of dudes with vaginas on their heads.
Yeah.
You can be recall the cops.
They clearly have bodies in a trunk.
You get it?
I'm getting married.
Here's the vagina straw.
Here's the vagina ladle.
I don't know what you would make out of it.
People would just think like,
are you from the state that prides itself on its calamari?
What do you, they wouldn't know what it was.
Like, how do you make a vagina in a hat form?
Are you, I don't want to keep coming up with analogies.
No one's going to make a difference.
For vaginas, yeah.
I think they've already been done.
That's it.
By the, by the, yeah, Jeremy Pippin.
All right.
Kanye up front, who cares?
Kanye came out at the adult swim up front,
and he was surrounded by so much fog.
I have a feeling I didn't actually see Kanye perform.
I think he was like some body double.
Downton Abbey, how about that Downton Abbey?
Dog shopping, we went to the dog store.
We got our dog coming in six days.
So Aaron and I went to the dog pet co today,
and they have these horrible fucking panhandler people
that work for all the different dog food companies.
Just roaming the store.
Like shaking you down?
Yeah.
I mean, whatever.
And now, I'm going to shame you here.
You went and bought a puppy mill dog.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, it's a lady outside San Diego.
She's, you know, whatever.
The more I protest, the more guilty her I'll sound.
She's not going to be milled.
But in defense of, actually, I think it is pet co.
You know, they do have adoption days and things there.
They're not so bad.
Yeah, yeah, and I was able to, out of guilt,
like give 20 bucks to rescuing dogs,
just through the purchasing of all my shit
for my gross bread super dog
that I brought into the world
instead of taking a nice Chinese dog
whose parents got shit.
But you know what, here's the thing, all my cats.
And he had to watch.
All of my cats are rescues.
But one, you know, Peeps LaRue actually is from Pet's Co.
And she's a...
I know Peeps.
Peeps is in the spectrum.
She like doesn't like to get pet, but you can squeeze her.
Oh, so they have those vests for anxiety,
but she'd love those.
Maybe I should put Peeps in one,
but now she's pretty gordo.
She's pretty fat.
Well, they're vulgar.
I mean, they're like, they're not...
Okay, so they grow with her?
I'm shocked.
Like, if I was on a plane with Peeps,
I would have to ask for the extra seat belt.
Kevin Smith in the section?
Yeah, I imagine Peeps would make you pay for it.
But Squeaky Fromm is my other cat.
Detective Carla Wiskerson.
And who am I forgetting?
Oh, the widow Madeline Perman.
No, I know Aaron's reminding
what the Downton Abbey thing is.
Okay, fine.
I was drunk in New York.
And...
A shaw.
Aaron is trying to watch Downton Abbey
on a laptop next to me in bed.
She...
I woke up because she ordered a bagel
from...
Let's not get distracted by my pronunciation.
She ordered bagels
from Room Service and they smelled...
I could smell the sesame and I woke up
and I was like...
I guess I was annoying her
and she was trying to watch Downton Abbey,
so I kept on...
I kept going like,
Oh, good day, Governor!
Like, under my breath,
and she was trying to listen with earbuds,
and then she would be like...
Because I don't usually...
I'm not like one of those jokers
where I'm like doing shit and then saying,
like, what, what?
But I just... I was so drunk,
I just started...
Like, it was weird.
For the first time in our year and a half,
two year relationship, whatever it is,
who knows what color eyes are.
For the first time, I was just being like a fratty douche.
Like, I just kept on...
I was like...
I was just like locking eyes,
like, Aaron, I swear to God,
I'm not doing that.
It's like, it's just British people talking.
How can you...
What do you think I'm doing?
You think...
And then she put her earbuds back and she says,
She's being fucking weird and then I go like,
Oh, good day, Governor!
Charlie, go and go to sweep the chimney!
And she'd be like, what the fuck are you doing?
And I did it for like 20 minutes,
and I was like, Aaron,
I swear to God,
I am not...
Look at me, I love you,
I'm not doing that.
And she's like, I don't understand this bit.
I'm like, that's because it's not a bit.
And she's like, okay, then you're having a stroke.
And I was like,
if you think that there's something wrong with me
because you think that I'm speaking British talk
without moving my lips at all,
which would be a huge feat,
and you should give me a medal,
have you ever gone down so far
that you just don't want to bust that it's a joke?
Well, because she was like so disappointed in me
because she's funnier than me a little bit.
And so it's like, I was like,
well, fuck her, then it'll be the longest joke,
if not the funniest.
And she goes, then you have brain damage.
And I'm like, if it's the choice between that and that,
fine, and she's like, okay, then I'm calling 911.
And I'm like, if you really want to call,
she dialed the nine and the one,
I was like, all right, what the fuck?
She was gonna, my joke was so bad,
she called the hospital on me.
They were gonna have me arrested.
She wouldn't, before she would believe it,
she was just gonna have me thrown in jail or a hospital.
I had, I was moving, so I canceled the service on my TV,
but I said, I'm moving in two weeks, will you cut it off?
And I had to explain that I didn't want that service
anymore, and they get really,
you know, they won't let you drop their service.
And I said, well, I'm doing an experiment,
I'm not watching television for a year,
which worked really well.
So then we both sit down to watch a program
that we're all excited about, and the TV goes,
they had turned it off two weeks premature.
I don't know if it was aggressive or what.
Call them up, explain it to them.
They say, and my wife's explaining to them,
look, he's not moving, he's moving in two weeks.
Can you turn it off then?
The guy goes, I need to talk to the homeowner,
or the apartment guy, or whatever my title,
but so she, she,
The Lord.
So she hands me the phone and I go,
I don't know this woman.
Don't turn off my TV.
She does things like this to me all the time.
If you know my wife, the anger at that moment,
I forgot the part that she was on hold for like 35 minutes,
and kept getting switched to different departments,
and she was already to kill.
And then I go, I don't know who she is.
She does this all the time.
So you're saying, don't turn my TV back on?
Yeah, just keep it.
You're just, yeah.
Just saw a different freeway, right?
I really liked it.
This will be better than TV.
I just looked at her and I said,
before you say anything, I need to remember this face,
because this is the face I'm going to see before I die.
But yeah, sometimes you go down the hole,
and how seriously do you think your wife's accent
is Mary Poppins?
Hello, Governor.
You need your chimney sweep?
Hello, Mary Poppins.
Do you think your wife might kill you ever?
Well, I am going to really flip people out
because I am a gun owner.
And people go, well, you know that you're not
going to stop a burglary, and I'm not,
I don't have any delusions that I'm going to.
But they go, but the likelihood of someone
in your family killing you is very great,
which is a true statistic.
And I go, look, one way or another,
I know that's the last face I'm going to see.
Better be an instrument designed to take me out fast.
Yeah.
You're like, I'm a knitting needle.
Well, that's sexist.
Mind knitting needle.
Hey, hey, men knit.
Yeah, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a,
Alex Kershuis didn't I?
I'm constantly telling Aaron,
but, but, do you think Aaron's going to kill you?
I mean, I, I, I love her so much.
And we get, we, I, but I have never had more like,
I just, I'm, I'm so mean in fights.
And she gets so like, we're so like equally stubborn.
We just get these fights that no one else would get into
because they just like, all it is is just like,
she'll say, she'll imply that I did something wrong.
Like, like, like, or reply that I heard her feelings
in some way.
And instead of just going like,
sorry about that, whatever.
Like, like, like, which wouldn't even be arguably
that altruistic, it would just be a person lazy enough
to just not want to fucking,
I always go like, no, I didn't.
What are you talking about?
Shut up.
You, you, you did something worse than Wednesday.
And she, and then instead of her going like,
I go out with a dipshit or he's a fucking baby.
I, I, I'll never get this 48 minutes of my life back.
If I go down this road,
she goes like, no, Wednesday was a different thing.
I'm fucking, and we just,
but I can start,
but it's just, it's, we're, we're, we're awful.
And I, but I, I can't live without her.
So I know I'm gonna, you know,
you're not supposed to say I'm gonna marry somebody
and tell you whatever.
But, but, but I'm saying, I know that, you know,
I'm gonna, you know, she's, she's the one for me.
But I think, I think that means I'm going to die
by murder.
That was, that was the sweetest story about homicide.
I'm actually touched and you're trying to explain that.
I'm saying that if I thought it was possible to dope Aaron,
maybe the prostate cancer would be a higher candidate
for, for my death, but.
Yeah, we're, we're just an episode of Snapped
waiting to happen.
I don't know.
Your audience isn't a big oxygen audience,
but Snapped is a show where it's only about a woman
that kills a guy's spouse.
And it's like, it's kind of like Blacksploitation movies.
It's like, wait, who made this and who is it for?
And I don't know what, who am I rooting for?
I love that show because it's clean storytelling.
They meet, something goes wrong.
Bitch gets a knife.
That's really what they should call that show.
Bitch gets a knife because it always starts up.
They met in high school.
They were the perfect couple.
Like, oh, this is gonna be good.
Yeah, that's right.
And then they go, when we return to Snapped,
Kira snaps.
Then they go to Dog food commercial.
Maybe I should just edit that together.
That part, Steven Sodenberg was making a speech recently
and he talked about how he was really disheartened.
He was on a flight and he looked over and he saw a guy
who had edited all the action scenes out of big,
big movies together.
And he was just watching that.
It was just, it was just CGI porn.
You know, he was just watching action porn.
Like, he cut the story out and just got right
to the car chase, as people say, cut to the car chase.
He did.
Right.
And did you see the speech?
Because Steve's not here.
No, I keep hearing about it.
Well, it's like, you know, he's this guy
that I always, like, really look up to and, you know,
and he basically made the speech where he's, like,
quitting, just saying it's not worth it.
It's a losing battle.
I got a teacup, it's a big boat, a lot of holes.
It's like, this is my hero.
It's like, very eloquently explains
why it's not worth it to make movies and tell stories.
And I was, like, really bummed out.
I keep hearing about the speech.
I never really connected the dots of his name,
what he's done.
I'm sure I'd be, I'd turn out to make movies.
Oh, so many movies.
His last, he's always just been the guy
whose last name makes me thirsty.
But there's so many movies, like, you know,
he's just, like, he does so many art pictures
and then he does big box office.
And I thought, well, here's the guy who found the balance.
You know, he does the Oceans 11, but at the same time,
you know, he does the Che movie, or he does, you know,
he's a fascinating guy.
You know, he started doing sex lives and videotape.
He's made a million movies, some that are huge,
but he can't justify the carbon print making movies.
And I'm like, you should go make a movie with me,
because there is no carbon footprint.
There is, it's a total egg would.
It's a year for your world's first green director.
Yeah, I am very green.
As a director, you will leave only footprints.
As long as the four guys that it took
to film this movie, Recycle, we're ahead.
Oh, he just, oh, Soderbergh, Erin, Erin is now,
she controls from, through text messages.
She, she, he directed the Liberace movie, did you see?
Yeah, and that was why he kinda, I think he's just kind of,
he's a, no, because-
After you've made Michael Douglas, like,
make out with Matt Damon, you're kinda like,
like, all says, what else?
What's left?
I'm a Neil Armstrong, I love directors.
No, but he, I think he was frustrated
that he couldn't get that movie, you know,
I guess he saw it as a, I could be, okay, I'll pay.
He couldn't get it made in 3D, that was just big.
Exactly, coming at ya.
He wanted the IMAX money, and he couldn't-
I once, I once, you know, I saw the writing on the wall
with Liberace, I didn't see that he was gonna be
around too much longer, big, you suspected me?
I did, I did.
So we were making a police academy, and I was in Canada,
and I suggested to the producer that,
I said, hey, you know these bad guys
we're catching at the end of the movie?
What if we established them at the very early scenes?
Cause there's a scene right now at the beginning
where these guys break on the wall,
what if they're the same guys?
You know, I was suggesting a story,
and I got berated, like,
I've been in the business for 35 years, blah, blah, you know,
I got chewed out hard.
So I went to the airport, flew to New York City,
and bought Liberace tickets in the middle of the production.
So they're trying to give me my call for the next morning,
and they're freaking out, and they go,
and they finally get Tim Kazericki, and they go,
where is he?
And they go, oh, he went to New York,
nobody gave him permission to go to New York,
what is he doing?
He said he was gonna see Liberace.
And I did, and I went and I saw him,
it was an amazing show, and I bought tons of Liberace,
like he had everything you'd want,
like soap on the rope,
seriously, not even winking,
like, Liberace soap on the rope.
And I just came back, I was 40 minutes late to call,
and I just handed out all these Liberace gifts to the crew
that had been waiting around.
All right, that concludes the discussion portion
of the meeting, and we have to move on
to your favorite part, the Dungeons and Dragons portion.
Let's bring up Spencer and Princeton, our Dungeon Master.
Wow, that went fast.
Yeah, it does, look what time it is, Jeff Davis would love that.
Jeff Davis is one of those guys that insists
that it's uncanny how many times he sees 9-11 on a clock.
I am a diet and the wools skeptic about this idea.
You just notice, you don't notice 9-13, you notice 9-11.
Jeff thinks that he sees 9-11 on a clock
and I watch an inordinate.
Does he feel like he's going to stop it
from happening again?
Is it like Mothman, but yeah, he just stops there,
he just likes to have a little magic in his life.
How did he feel about the bombing in Benghazi,
did he see that coming?
It's he thinks about it all the time, I'd say, oh hello.
They have to give it a number.
Hello, Spencer, how are you?
Great, how are you?
You rolled in tonight like right on the nugget,
like we were concerned about you.
Yeah, I said not and then stammered
and then said about you too.
I think before we go forward, I feel
that you guys need to talk about something.
Oh, you're kidding me.
I think there's something going on
and let's just get it out and spend some time.
Yeah, I mean, OK, you were talking
about fat long-haired beard guys and how that look wasn't
for you like earlier on in the show.
What's that all about?
What's wrong with that?
Me?
No, no, I want that look.
Yeah, Dan's trying to get away from it.
I'm abandoning it.
You're 2012, what are you?
I am 2012.
You're so 2008, I'm so 2000 and late.
I mean, you don't have crow's feet.
You don't have gray hairs coming out of your nose.
You can pull off the mountain man look
and that'd be an actual mountain man.
I look like a troll in the mountain
that your people would sacrifice a virgin to just
to keep it raining on time.
That was exactly what I was fishing for.
Well, good, because I thought I was starting
another of my classic fights.
Why couldn't I just say I'm sorry?
So why do you insist on being right?
You want to be happy or you want to be right?
There's two lines.
Well, but that's a case where me being right
made him happier, right?
Right, but I mean, sometimes you'll concede and you go,
I'm right, but that person's just being an idiot right now
and that's human.
You think I should have let Spencer be an idiot?
Well, I'm not implying he's an idiot.
I'm talking about you fights.
Did you guys make a talk?
No.
Spencer and I are good.
I'm not sure I like how you've been undercutting me.
Who, me?
I'm just stirring up conflict.
Which makes the show interesting,
but I've got a little acid going down in my throat right now.
Yeah, he's definitely, yeah, physically,
he looks like he could pop and take off your arm.
That's what you mean, right?
No?
No, not at all.
Honestly, when I look at him, I never thought I'm threatening,
even though he is a lawyer.
Bob says he thinks he can kick your ass.
All right, let's also bring out our campaign co-players,
Kumail Najiani and Erin McGathy.
I'm sorry if we were long-winded.
You guys are probably waiting to come out.
Have you ever been to this show?
This is the show.
It was awesome.
I always target nine-ish to start playing D&D, but whatever.
But I saw the show a bunch.
And I think as soon as I get in Jeff's seat,
I'm going to shape this thing up.
You know what I'm going to make this?
Commercial.
Like your movies.
That's what a slam.
That's a compliment.
Yeah, I am.
It really is.
Clearly, they're not familiar with my movies.
They make hundreds of dollars.
Actual hundreds.
They're awesome movies, but you know.
Well, thank you.
Yeah, I don't make them for everybody.
I make them for 50-year-old dudes who were in police academy.
This really is the Get Off My Lawn show.
We may have to have, Dan and I may have to have our own show
called Get Off My Lawn.
We'll just have a giant inflatable cane
and we'll just shake it like that at different things.
Talking about how, oh, I got a P four times a night.
Aaron was noticing the hairs coming out of my nostrils
on the way over here.
Just one.
You tried to tuck it in and realized
that it was actually coming out.
And then you said something like, oh, I can't take it.
Or something.
I was like, oh, man.
What if she really can't take it?
She's 12 years younger than me.
She's going to see so much worse before.
No, no, no.
It wasn't that I can't take that you have hair growing
out of your nose.
I don't know.
I guess maybe it is.
That's how I think about it.
No, it's not a cute look.
No.
I mean, I can, there's, it can be cut.
I have friends who are 27, 28 who have nose clippers.
Yeah.
But I, Schrab got one of those and he did that thing where you
put it up there and you do all that.
And he said that that's like.
It makes it real sharp.
Yeah.
And itchy.
It's like having five o'clock shadow in your nose.
And then also he's convinced that it just,
that, and I don't know if this is a myth.
But no.
I believe that the hair, when you shave hair,
that it starts coming back.
But it's not talking to the follicle.
The end of the hair that you're cutting off is not, it's dead.
It's not talking to the follicle to be like, hey, we're
like, how?
Talk to it a little bit.
How does it talk to it a little bit?
There are plants in the Amazon that
look exactly like the snake whose venom they cure.
What?
Wait.
Did you just have a stroke?
I have.
There are plants.
I can't call bullshit on that.
That's just too weird.
You just pull that out of your ass.
There are plants in the Amazon that are shaped like,
they look like the species of snake.
Like the leaf has little things coming off of it
and the pattern on the leaf makes
it look like the snake that the leaf's juice cures
the venom of.
It's a prepositional nightmare.
Yeah, that's actually what the paper that was written on it
said.
There's going to be a lot of prepositions in there.
Just assume Magic's real.
Wait.
The human eyes are really complicated.
So do people not use it to get over a snake bite?
They go, ah, that's that snake that bit me.
Yeah.
And they go, ironically, that would actually cure you.
Yeah, it's a nightmare.
I remember I found the plant.
The people used to use the plant to get over the snake bite.
So the plant very recently started going, ah, maybe
I'm the snake.
Yeah.
That's what scares you so much when you keep uprooting me.
You killed my entire family for your selfish means.
Oh, I don't want to die from a snake bite.
Mutation.
Maybe we're just here on this planet.
All I'm saying is, I'm not an intelligent design person.
But I'm also not a geneticist.
And we keep finding out new things
about how genes are stimulated and talk to each other
and what happens.
I think it's possible.
I just mean physically, if you just think of one hair, it's dead.
But what if the follicle, you're saying your nose hairs out
of spite are growing longer?
That's what he said.
No, I think there was, they could be.
They could be.
I'm way out of my league.
He's saying it's out of spite.
No, it's not out of spite.
It's out of protection.
They're going, oh, this guy lives in an environment
that depletes nose hair.
He needs more.
It's something that mothers tell their daughters when they're
like 9, 10, and really want to shave their legs doing.
Women have this.
Yeah, they warn you.
Yeah, they're like, well, honey,
I would let you start shaving your legs,
but it's going to start growing back like a black,
gnarled bush if you start.
I figured out how it could make sense scientifically,
is that if you cut the hair on your nose
and the amount more dust is going in,
then there's some signal like, oh, too much dust,
grow more hair.
I'm going to end this argument right now, with that.
You just walked away.
I shave my head.
There you go.
By this theory, I should look like Dan.
Speaking of, everybody got sad over there.
Yeah, well, they're 25, so when they're 35,
they'll start to laugh at baldness, right?
Yeah, it's like they're like, oh, man.
Yeah, what does he do at night?
Like a month ago, I found a gray pubic hair,
and I literally wore it on my pubes.
But it was your body.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I wasn't having sex.
You're going to stop and you look down at the bench.
Yeah, I was having sex with a grandmother, and I was like,
oh my god.
Everybody likes to pull some steel wool.
When I find out my fans are old, they really bum me out.
Is it true?
A bunch of age-appropriate women were flirting with me
one night, and I wanted to drink.
I was like, oh my god, I could pull so much steel wool.
These saber-toothed tigers were really trying to fuck me.
Is it true that Jeremy Piven and Richard Gere only fuck
old women with candy bars?
I was trying to fuck it up.
I actually was at a show, and my brother had just died,
and she says, I heard your brother died.
I go, yeah.
She says, I have cancer.
Do you want me to say hi to him?
Oh god.
By the way, she was flirting.
And my wife was like, was she really coming onto you
with pulling the cancer card?
I was like, she was super hot.
She was really thin.
Was she hot? No, no.
She definitely, though, if you looked at her,
she definitely had a cancer vibe.
I would give anything to follow that woman for a day
and see all of the inappropriate jokes that she makes.
Or maybe that's what I want to know.
Can I cut in front of you in line?
My kids are about to bury me.
Yeah, at Starbucks, she's like, my name's Cancer.
I mean, Amy, but put your right hand on the top,
because yeah, I'm more cancer than person at this point,
so just right chance around there.
Just now, I started feeling bad that I told that story,
but then I realized it happened two years ago,
so there's no way she would.
What?
Wait, if she's a lover, she's going
to punch your brother in heaven now.
My brother is this crazy biker guy
who I don't think she would punch.
He used to hunt from his house.
It'll take too long to explain this.
We should just put an asterisk there and come back.
Are you talking about the ironically but reciprocally
nicknamed kitten goldthwaite?
No, my older brother, I spoke at his funeral.
He used to, he was a poacher.
Like when he died, he lived in Central New York,
so he's a game poacher.
I thought that was only a cartoon villain
occupying the real world.
No, the warden, his kids would tell me the game warden
used to come in the house and bust open the lock on his freezer.
Wow, he was like a joker.
He had like the actual game warden.
He would have to run out the back door.
The stories with him just go on and on.
We're not going to start.
Do you know if your brother ever watched Captain Planet?
No.
He was a biker guy.
Right, right.
My older brother, a biker hunter.
Because he, OK, I'll quickly tell a fast story.
My brother, he had this house and he was living with his family
at the time, these kids.
And I was worried that he didn't,
this house needed new windows and installation.
So I gave him some money for it and then I drove out
to make sure he spent it on it.
And he did, lo and behold, have new windows in the house.
He lived with those in the middle of nowhere.
And I went up and in the bathroom,
I saw that one of the windows were broke.
And well, first there's corn in the front yard
and then the backyard and just no rows.
It's just growing up.
It's like psychocorn.
And my friend Tony goes, he's with me.
He goes, what's the deal with all the corn?
He goes, oh, you know, it's for the deer.
And Tony goes, oh, you help him through the winter?
And he goes, no, I'm going to blast him.
So is there like blood on the corn?
No, that's a good title for his autobiography.
His bio.
The bathroom's brother.
So I go up to the bathroom and the window's broke.
And I go, what happened to this window?
It's brand new.
And he goes, yeah, I have problem with recoil.
So my brother was shooting deer on the toilet.
And that's not a makeup story.
Feels like one handed to the, whoo, whoo.
You know, so I use like my phone on the toilet.
No, he would shoot.
That's extra crazy when you consume that rare euphemism
for taking a shit, shooting deer.
No, is that really what?
No.
I'm pretty sure.
Because I'm shooting deer.
I'm shooting deer, and I'm shooting deer.
I thought I was going to shoot.
I just had a fawn.
I literally thought I was going to shoot more deer.
I need more roughage.
I just shot a fawn.
My brother, I just, want to go hunting, meet me in the kitchen.
My brother, so we're leaving, and my friend Tony goes,
he sees this woodchuck.
He goes, what is that?
That's a woodchuck.
And my brother goes, yeah.
And then we're driving down the driveway.
And we just say, kaboom.
And Tony's like, I fingered that woodchuck?
I go, yeah.
Yeah, that woodchuck's dead.
You pointed it out.
Yeah, you squealed on that woodchuck.
That woodchuck would have had a long life.
But you pointed them out to my brother.
And when he died, the priest at the funeral,
he was like, Tommy loved outdoors, and he loved animals.
And then I went on after the priest in church,
which is weird.
And I go, my brother, he loved to kill animals, father.
He loved to do it indoors, mostly.
There's a lot of deer out in the woods going, whew.
All right, all right.
Do you think I came from normal stock?
I would have pictured that your brother of yours
would have a cardigan and have a den and three kids
that he never hit.
So he would always bring over bikers.
And my mother would be like, you can't wear that Harley's
the best fuck the rest t-shirt in my house.
So they would wear their shirts inside out.
And they'd be like, this is low life.
You met little shit.
This is big shit.
This is beaver.
These would be all of his friends.
Little shit and big shit?
Yeah, the whole shits were there.
Are they brothers?
Oh, when my brother died.
No, but when my brother died, I didn't
know how to find these guys.
I go, I don't know who beaver really is.
What's his name?
It would be funny if you looked in the book,
and it was just beaver, big shit, big shit.
Shit come a little shit.
Yeah, shit come a little shit.
There's like three of them, and you have to call it.
Are you the shit?
Are you from the Hampton Shits?
And one's just Jason shit.
A family of all deer that have been dropped or shot.
Sorry, you don't drop deers.
You shoot them.
All right.
All right, Spencer, go.
When we last met.
Do we have D music?
All right.
Should we just pant the character sheet scope?
Yeah, I should, because.
Holy shit, I had a plus one versus a pussy.
Seeing that I'm Jeff, please give me that character sheet.
I don't know, where did Jeff leave off?
Well, we're up.
Yeah.
He'll recap it for us.
All right, go ahead, Spencer.
You can recap it.
I'm about to.
Last time on Harmontown, our party
had been defeated by a squad of blade-armed shadows.
Choked to unconsciousness by accurate shadowy smoke
and lacerated by many bladed limbs.
The gang was unconsciously dragged off
into the darkness beyond the oven gate.
Our gang awoke, hurting, and exhausted.
This is kind of funky.
I dig it, though.
In the middle of a massive circular ring,
crowds of shadows were in attendance,
watching the center of the ring.
Our heroes quickly discovered they were chained together
and anchored to a wall and also guarded
by a group of shadow men.
Their situation seemed hopeless.
They stared intently at a large, breathy-like man
who was forced to fight his own shadow.
Trying to burst their chains, the group
could only struggle in vain as they watched the shadow tear
breathy to limb from limb.
The shadow triumphantly, there's so many shadows.
Jesus Christ.
Triumphantly took to the stands, and the shadow men
guarding our heroes dragged them towards the center ring.
They were met by familiar faces.
It was their own shadows.
Combat is now.
Fighting is happening.
Battle is current.
Wow, you kind of synced up as much as possible,
even when there's some weird public domain.
Yeah, fuck music.
Your Dungeon Master recap still comes in at a punctuated time.
Did you see I got my special D&D gold microphone?
I'm like an asshole at the bar who brings his own,
like, Q-Stick, you know?
You had to switch it out.
Visual jokes work great on podcasts.
That mic is so much better.
Could you just leave it on?
It's fairly standard to just leave it on.
It's not as human.
All right, so we're all unchained,
and we're all facing shadow versions of ourselves.
Yeah, that you guys faced off.
Moran, you were piloted by, was it Denise?
Yeah, Denise.
Well, you were piloted by Denise,
and you fired off some arrows.
And you hit one of the shadows with your arrows,
and then they fired arrows, and then it was fighting time.
All right, thanks, Denise.
Hey, what time is it?
Fighting time.
No, no, I wasn't trying to whoop up in round.
Is it night or day?
Who let the dogs out?
Fighting time.
It's getting ready to rumble.
I need to know.
It's the shadowy kind of purgatory
like realm where it's always gray and black.
It would be more like nighttime, but at the same time,
there's kind of like a, nah, it's just dark.
It's fighting time.
But if it's dark, how can we see shadow?
Is it CBA, like Bob's Dreams?
You are a gnome, and you have low light vision, which
lets you see a little bit better than your average person.
So you can kind of see these.
Yeah, that's why I noticed that I've got that ability.
So oh, it's all on my shoulders, really.
Dining short shoulders.
You're like three feet tall, by the way.
It's a character I'm playing.
Yeah.
OK.
Because a lot of these people have never been exposed to me,
and I don't want you putting that out.
It's not you walk in.
They think I'm Danny DeVito right now.
Do they think you're like way, much, way closer?
Do you love normal size like Gandalf?
That's a perspective joke.
And sorry to ask this again, but as you know,
I'm sometimes drunk when we're playing.
I got my, we got our spells kind of reset a little bit.
Yeah, you guys regained all your health,
and your spells came back.
I don't know if it was your chains dissolving
or the dark sun shining.
But one of the two did it.
You know what it is.
I don't recall.
I explicitly said one of those two, and I currently don't remember.
Spencer, what's Coco's status?
Is she fighting her own shadow?
You have shadow Coco, but there isn't
like a shadow Coco doppelganger facing her down.
OK, but shadow Coco's good, or she suddenly like, oh, shut up.
She hasn't turned on you yet.
I mean, who knows, man?
OK.
So what do we do to get initiative, or who's going first?
Mulray went first.
I like to just go in towards me order.
So I'm going to go to you next.
All right, I got this level three spell called Suggestion.
Yeah.
And I'd like, is that the kind of spell
I could use to maybe turn these guys against each other?
A Suggestion spell would, it would make him kind of regard
you better, or like take an action maybe,
but it won't let him turn on his friends,
or like do something.
But Charm Person would do that maybe, right?
Maybe, but these aren't people, they're monsters.
So is your mama.
That's true.
Really good stuff.
She's a monster.
And this is to the podcast.
Does she really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Does she a monster?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
She's into the podcast.
Yeah, yeah.
Shout out to Spencer's mom.
She's lovely.
You monster.
Whoop, whoop.
She'll hear it, it'll be great.
OK, so yeah, it's still your turn.
I don't think he cast anything, right?
All right, fuck it, then speaking of your mama,
I would like to cast Summoned Monster 3.
Oh, your mom's a level 3 monster.
One monster did you want to summon there.
How about that classic, some kind of orangutan or something?
How about my scorpions, Keith and David?
All right, yeah.
I'll start with Keith.
Well, OK, so since you're casting Summoned Level 3,
you can actually cast two scorpions
since they're a lower level.
Oh, OK, Keith and David.
Bring them from there.
Keith and David, launch into being.
Clack slowly towards the foes.
They attack Chris de Burghh as well as Shadow Chris de Burghh.
Please say that.
Going forward, I will, as well as Shadow Sharpie.
Keith makes his mark, but David is not so lucky.
Keith deals four damage to Shadow Chris de Burghh.
Claim, yep.
At the same time, Shadow Quark leaps across the battlefield
and launches himself directly at, no, I'm sorry,
Shadow Sharpie.
Ah, ah, Shadow Sharpie.
Do you want to talk about something tonight?
You came late.
My mom's a racist, OK?
Your mom's going to love this episode.
Is she really?
I mean, we all are a little bit, but is your mom more than that?
Like, a little bit more than that.
Like, OK, tell us about this.
She's like, I'm not racist against Mexicans.
I just don't like that they all tag our city.
That's more than a little racist, an average.
Oh, my baseline might be off.
Yeah, your baseline is off.
Has your mom never met any non-tagging Mexicans?
You'd think she would come across some at some point.
I don't know.
There's a Morocco, they have some pretty cute.
Yeah.
He says something very racist.
I love you, mom.
Oddly enough, she loves Banksy.
Yeah.
Well, because that's a nice white boy doing that.
That's cultured, yeah.
Yeah, that's an English chapter.
So you got a little spat with her,
because you probably said, well, that's not a logical statement,
and that you guys got a classic generational little teneffet.
In my family, we have this thing where, like,
I colloquially use racism as, like, you know,
being conscious of race in a kind of denigrating fashion.
But the textbook definition of racism
is, like, actually finding people of less value.
So according to my family, it's fine if you're like,
yeah, all Armenians are trying to get your money,
because that's not necessarily a terrible thing.
It's just like a generalization.
You don't see it as racist, because it's just, like,
a racial thing.
Yeah, yeah.
Since you've moved out a couple of weeks ago,
have you hung out with your family?
I mean, my mom's birthday was not too long ago.
No, it wasn't that.
It was Mother's Day, huh?
Whatever.
Some sort of Mother's century.
Some reason I had to go over there.
I don't know.
I really don't know.
Harvest of the uterus.
There was pizza.
It's what I love when people say really racist stuff,
but I was looking for this place.
And the guy who was like, the landlord guy,
was like, you know, and it's great, and everything's great.
And he's like, you know, I love everyone.
You know, all kinds of people live here.
I'm not racist, except I don't rent to any Koreans,
because, you know, everyone hates Koreans.
I mean, we're like, I don't know if that's true.
Who are you hanging out with?
I knew the landlord that would use the term.
He kept saying that he didn't like the Mediterranean's.
I had no idea who the Mediterranean's were.
That's really it.
Those Mer people.
That's nice.
I like that.
That's got to be a hard, like, needle to thread in the grocery
store, like, at a glance, you know?
Well, I really wanted the place, so I jumped in.
Yeah, those Mediterranean's.
Who am I slamming again?
I have no idea.
The Greeks, the, there's a lot of, the Mediterranean,
all right, generally swore the people, I think, your mom,
is what she's trying to put in that box.
Spencer, can I listen to the show with your mom?
I would recommend it.
This would be a good one.
Wait, listen to this part.
I got to talk about your uterus.
I got my first, my first two bedroom apartment I got
in Las Vegas, the neighbor came over, and there was a sign
in the driveway, like, a construction sign, and they
said, you have to move that every time you pull into park
and then move it back after you pull your car in.
I put it there because, you know, the ethnics, they pull
into the driveway, and they honk to each other.
And it's, like, it's one thing to just have a racist
thing in your head.
But, but, like, he, he picked something up and moved it
because, because he had come to find something that was
true, that when he said it out loud, like, we made as much
sense as a Dr. Seuss, like, the ethnics pull in and honk
at the other ethnics.
These are not stereotypes.
You're making it up.
You're making up news stereotypes.
You know how Russians hate elevators?
What?
No.
Black people have huge knees, and they love carrots.
They want it.
There's a friend with Jay Chandrasekhar, who's in
Brooklyn, is a director of Super Troopers and all of
those, and he's in those movies.
Right after, like, the terrorist stuff, he was walking
outside of a, he, like, walked out of a convenience store
and this group of, like, three guys who were, like, shaved
heads, he was, like, oh, fuck, and they were, like, you,
hey, you fucking towelhead, we're going to shoot you,
you fucking towel, like, yelling stuff at him.
And then one guy walked up and was, like, Super Troopers?
And then they were, like, we love you, and they got
pictures of them, so.
If you're famous enough, there won't be racists to you.
Well, here's the equipment.
You know, for years, like, I wouldn't even go to a bar
or stuff, because it'd just be, like, all these knucklehead
jocks, like, you know, putting, you know, me in
headlocks, going, please, you can't hit me, bro, I can't
believe it, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
you know, and it sounds like a weird thing to complain
about to 25-year-olds, but it's a real thing in my life.
So I was in a bar, and I'm walking, and I see the dudes,
they're coming, right, and it's going to happen.
I can smell, I know them now, so well, and they're heading
towards me, and they go, Bobcat, and I go, hi, hi, they go,
nobody makes dark comedies like you, bro, and I go,
what was the fucking point?
Why did I change careers?
It doesn't matter.
I should have done Dancing with the Stars.
It really doesn't matter.
What was his dad was the bomb?
Yeah, I was like, oh, it really doesn't matter.
Those were the broken glasses on the library,
on the toilet zone.
I think it's your turn, right?
I was still going.
Yeah, yeah.
Launching himself directly at Sharpie,
shadow Sharpie's arms are wreathed
in electrical crackling energy.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, let's see.
Maybe I can learn some moves from this guy.
Yeah, I could get songwriting tips from my guy.
Yeah.
I can feel it.
He knows it, it just looks like I'm a cokehead,
because I just can't.
You should trim those.
It's fine, it's fine.
My dad and my grandfather have a lot of hair in their ears,
and I would always make fun of them.
And it's fucking happening, you guys.
Yeah, it's associated with math teachers.
There's a lot of math teacher things here.
That's another stereotype.
Yeah, fuck those guys with Mediterranean math teachers.
Oh, they love to honk.
Those dirty honking Mediterranean math teachers.
2 plus 2 is Aunga, I don't know what the Mediterranean says.
Hi, I love olives.
Cocoa butter.
Give me more cocoa butter.
So hot down here.
So he attacked.
And he misses.
He flies directly and lands belly first in the dirt,
putting it at quark's turn, who's played by you.
All right, so I want to cast a spell.
I think it's a one.
And it's the Dancing Lights.
Yeah, so Dancing Lights conjures several Dancing Lights.
I knew that.
And so if you do that, you'll be able to control them
and make them kind of move around and dance.
Really, I'm trying to confuse and make the.
Are you trying to start a party?
I want the shadows to disappear with the lights.
All right, I like that.
That's not bad.
No, it's great.
I like summoning forth several tiny bursts of light.
Can I think Dancing Queen while this happens?
I'd recommend it.
They're going to be distracted.
I'll sing Dancing Queen just to distract you.
You notice your lights are rather supernaturally dimmed.
They don't even seem to be lighting up much at all.
I might only see them in here.
Oh, yeah.
As if the shadow plane dampened slights.
And now we both look like dragons.
Sorry, y'all.
At the same time, Shadow Quark launches himself
at real-time Christopher swinging his blade wickedly.
Wow.
Striking Christopher squarely in his jaw.
It's a bad place to strike squarely.
Dealing seven damage.
Well, you decided that.
That I didn't say John.
I have a dice that says John.
Do you really?
No.
OK.
Well, you sold the shit out of that.
He should have held up his fist when he said that.
I got a dice that says John.
You have a name on it.
It's got two sides, your face and your hands.
All right, so that happens.
Putting it at Kristeberg's turn.
All right, well, I don't really have.
Oh, I have a poison dagger.
True.
I tie a rope to it.
Damn it.
I can throw a dagger, right?
You can throw a dagger.
Yeah, so I tie it to a rope, and I throw it at.
Which one's closest to me?
Which one's the biggest target?
The closest is Shadow Sharpie right now.
All right, can I just stab Shadow Sharpie with it?
Am I close enough to stab?
You could, yeah.
Yeah, let's just do that.
All right.
I still tie the rope, just because I like that.
All right, you stab Shadow Sharpie in the gut with your dagger.
The poison soaks into his body, and he takes six damage.
All right, he doesn't seem to be affected by the poison,
which is weird.
It happens.
What about the rope?
The rope is still attached to the knife, I imagine.
He doesn't seem to be affected by the rope.
Is that so you can pull your dagger back?
Yeah, so I can throw it and then pull it back.
Why didn't you use a string?
I like that you're tying a rope that
would be thicker than a knife, like tying it to it.
You should have used bungee.
It's like scorpion.
Do you know Mortal Kombat?
Get over here.
I'm trying to do that move.
Shadow Christopher hides among the shadows.
You should have tied it to a boomerang.
I don't have a boomerang.
A boomerang will come back anyway.
Yeah, but you tie a knife to a boomerang.
That will hold.
That will aim to it.
That will fuck a bitch up.
A knife a ring.
We're going to patent this.
Putting it in.
Moren's turn.
What is Shadow Coco's relationship
with Shadow Moren?
That would not be something you could divine in a glance or two.
Interesting.
Coco.
I feel like you're jealous of Shadow Moren.
And like a very, I mean, she looks thinner.
She's so dark.
Yeah.
That's very, Coco.
Shadow Coco, will you approach Moren
and try to get Shadow Moren and get her to mount you?
Yes.
Shadow Coco doesn't talk.
Well, does she do it?
She's slowly.
Are you writing her?
Yeah, what are you hoping to accomplish?
I have a plan, you guys.
Well, are you writing her?
Am I writing her?
No, I am not writing her.
Yeah, she walks off a little.
OK, well, can I tell her my entire plan then?
No, she's already doing it.
You could call it out to her.
Should we give her?
Then the shadows will hear.
All right, fine.
Well, I'm able to control my voice
in a way where she hears me and the shadows don't hear me.
A soliloquy.
Coco, Coco, this is my idea.
You're going to approach Shadow Moren
and do that thing with your back that
makes us want to mount you.
And are we near any cliffs?
No, no, you're in the middle of a giant arena type thing.
Oh, an arena.
But there are walls for your arena.
Your giant walls are really far off, though.
OK, well, no, that's fine because Coco's fast.
Yeah.
Coco, you're going to get Shadow Moren to mount you.
And I know how we always talk about physics
when we're writing.
You're going to run as fast as you can towards one of the walls
and stop just short of the wall.
And then Shadow Moren will fly into the wall
and surely die 100%.
Yeah, do you have that die, Spencer?
That's just a coin flip for that.
Anyway, yeah, so she hears your plan, presumably,
and is trotting off and then kind of looks at Shadow Moren.
I mean, horses can't really communicate very well,
especially when they can't.
Well, you have not looked in the face of a horse, my friend.
This doesn't really have like a countenance.
It's like just dull black.
But it's shadow to shadow.
That's true.
Why does it do the thing with the bag that
makes them a swan to mount them?
You could consent.
Direct quote.
All right, well, as you know, Shadow Coco approaches,
Moren kind of gets jumpy, Shadow Moren,
and fires off three arrows.
Oh, no.
Things happen, you guys.
Oh, my god.
Are the ladies in the audience like, got them porced?
Dealing 20 damage.
Oh, my god.
Shadow Coco.
Can we just turn on a light?
Does anyone have a light?
That's what Disco Boy tried to do.
That's my job.
We all tried that.
Everyone tries with the light, and it's just
the light doesn't work here.
It's not, I mean, Jesus Christ, if a book of matches
would make you a god here, I mean, it's not like you're
having a bucket of water in which world.
Shadow Coco stumbles.
This is a danger.
Oh.
Duh.
Putting it at sharp, it's true.
You know, that old thing.
Yeah.
Didn't the water melt the witch?
Yes, the water melted a witch baby.
I'm like being patronized.
Yeah.
Did baby make that better or worse?
It worked for me.
You would have it right around the finger.
I'd be, all right.
She called me baby.
You like me.
I have these fat baby fingers and hair coming out of my nose.
That's all you thought.
I went right back to your fingers.
She says, she calls me baby, because my fingers were like.
Because when I touch her, she thinks there's a baby molesting
me.
There's a baby being fondled by a baby and a beard.
I love you little pervers.
You little pervers.
I always pictured my hands as like Hugh Laurie's hands.
I thought the funniest thing that you said about your fingers
today was that you were like, yeah,
I never seen my hands before, because you know,
when you're standing in the mirror,
you don't look at your hands.
And I was just like, what?
I was like, I know exactly what my hands look like.
The story of saying the ghost, I know it as well as the back
of my head.
Yeah, right.
But it's not the tips.
It's not the tips of my hands.
But it's flattering, because it means
that you're not vain at all, which is the reason why I was
worried about the nose hairs, because I love you.
I don't care what you look like ever.
But the idea, but the nose hair thing, the second I saw one,
I was like, well, that's it.
There's going to be a waterfall of hair.
Did you ever think that that's where he gets his power?
Like, you pull those nose hairs out,
and he'd be like, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
A nasal Samsung?
Yeah, he'd be like, bring it all together.
I once saw a baby with nose hair.
It's really?
Whoa.
Have you ever shook a little person's hand?
You must have been in the Mediterranean.
Yeah, with their nose hair, baby.
Have you ever shook a little person's hand,
and their fingers are like cocktail wieners?
Do you know what I mean?
They're really stubby.
Yeah, they're soft.
And I'm like trying to be cool, but I'm like,
your fingers are like cocktail wieners.
I thought of that when I met Billy Barney once.
OK, enough with the name dropping.
You wouldn't have to drop that name too far.
I actually, Billy Barney asked me to go be in his Pro Am golf
tournament, and I wrote a letter back.
Is it mini golf?
That's what I said.
I said, I'm not trying to be cruel here,
but are we talking miniature golf or regular golf?
And I never heard back from him.
Because he's like, dear Mr. Golfsway,
you were trying to be cool.
You know what, I'm not sending this letter.
Well, what's funny is he got that response
from every single person.
Well, OK, back at my brother's funeral,
and I'll be off of it.
I just wanted to bring everyone up again.
One of his pallbearers was a little person,
and nobody gave us the heads up.
So I looked down, and there's.
That's not true.
I go to his arms and cheer, and I go to my daughter.
I go, it looks like little Ricky's riding a subway.
Because he was hanging on the.
And then my daughter goes, he just got air.
You see, alternative is holding the coffin really low.
Or riding it.
That's how my brother would have liked it.
Like on a shopping cart, there's a little chair.
Oh, he's riding it with some sort of rifle with a scope.
That's how my brother would have appreciated it.
If you're a little person, and you're listening to the podcast,
and you'd like to come down to Harmontown,
I'll fly you out and buy you drinks for the last five minutes.
I would feel bad.
You don't have that kind of money, do you?
You're targeting little stomachs.
Your target audience is little people.
Are you saying because you can put two of them in a seat?
Yeah, I genuinely feel bad.
I feel like there's got to be one or two of them.
There are a lot of wonderful little people in Los Angeles.
I know some little people.
I do too, but I don't feel like.
It's such a weird thing to say.
It's a little weird that little people
is the politically correct thing to say,
because it feels so demeaning.
That seems even better.
I mean, I honestly, my brother.
Let's just call them ding-clitches.
Wait.
My brother is a little person.
Can I just say this?
He's not, but what if he was?
A good fourth of this show is dedicated
to you guys playing dwarfs and your goblins
and little people.
So I think you're down with the little people.
Yeah, sure.
When they have powers.
They're one of the last.
Nice play on words, by the way.
Overweight people and little people.
Down with little people, sorry.
Those seem to be the.
Never mind.
We'll move on.
I'm not against them.
I love their little faces.
I want to squeeze them.
None of this is helping.
I love the rum to their little heads.
I once had a higher one to play a pig when I was shooting
this thing called.
None of this is helping.
I was doing this thing called Houdini the Pig, where
I had an escape artist kid.
Can I even apply five of them down now?
All right, we can keep going.
Does anyone know about the little person neighborhood
in San Diego?
Yeah.
That's a thing.
There's a street that was made by Disney or a theater
guys all.
I think it's theater guys all.
Really?
Yeah.
How did he do that?
What if he just stumbled into that area and you didn't know?
Well, you'd feel delighted and joyful.
The houses are custom made for little people,
so like the doors are smaller.
So he was like pro star belly sneeches,
not mixing with the other star belly sneeches?
Well, I don't think it was like a ghetto.
It was like a dead end.
There wasn't a wall around it.
No one was sent there.
They had a two and a half foot wall.
They're just keeping their money little.
They're doing what the Irish, you know, the Italians did.
We really helped this 100%.
Guys, let's cut this conversation short and move on.
Can I just say this?
They were fine with all the bad, negative things
we were saying about little people,
but it was a pun that broke the plan.
That's what kills it.
So I did it to kill it, and now we move on.
They're fine with a form of racism,
but a pun, ow, that hurt my brain.
Because puns are really the hardest.
Puns hold up a mirror.
They're the hardest jokes to write,
but they're the most low.
Yeah.
Are they really the hardest to write, though?
Really?
I find them hard.
I mean, I guess good one.
I don't know.
I see why they're low humor, because they're like,
well, they don't elicit any joy.
They don't.
They just make you go, oh, you connected a dot.
Maybe they're not the hardest ones to write,
but they're the hardest ones to do right.
Sorry.
All right.
What's going on with the game?
What are you getting at Sharpie's turn?
OK, I'm going to take a page from my Shadow Self's
playbook, and cast, is he still laying there?
He's still laying in the ground.
I'm going to hit him with the shocking grasp.
All right.
You find him much easier to hit lying on the ground.
That's what I said in college.
Electricity surges through your arm
and flows into the lying on the ground wizard.
It's my comedy.
20 damage.
Shocking grab?
Sharpie leaps to his feet, and taking a step back,
waves his arm.
Waves is just the one arm, I guess.
Yeah.
Casting a fireball spell.
It flies into the middle of your group
and hits friend and foe alike.
This is a Shadow Sharpie, though.
Yeah, Shadow Sharpie.
It's a good move, Fireball.
Yeah.
You still have respect for the Shadow guys?
Smooth?
That's good stuff.
Everybody but Shadow Christopher gets hit for damage.
Fuck yeah.
No, you got hit too.
No.
Oh, Shadow Christopher.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Fuck yeah.
I love to get hit.
Hurt me good.
OK.
Real quark takes 20 damage.
Real Sharpie takes 14 damage.
I got to rate this down, 20, 14.
Thank you.
That's not helping.
We can all say that, right?
Real Mulraine takes 13 damage.
And real, did I say real quark yet?
No, real Christopher takes some damage as well.
How much?
15.
15?
Yeah.
So we all are kind of fucked up.
But at the same time, our Shadow Quark also takes,
oh, that's not bad, 22 damage.
Yeah.
All right.
He's almost dead, guys.
Cool.
You guys are almost winning a fight.
This is awesome.
Can we just bring up earlier fights we've had with them?
Make them feel bad?
I guess that could happen.
Putting it at Quark's turn.
All right.
So Shadow, I'm going to attack Shadow Quark.
Because I can move really fast.
I'm going to hit him with my nut sack.
You aren't as proficient with your nut sack as you are a sword.
OK.
I mean, you could do either.
Well, maybe, yeah, could I hit him with my six knives?
Yes.
OK, that's what I'm going to hit him with.
Does it really say nut sack?
Yeah, I have a nut sack.
Yeah, he uses it to bribe squirrels that he summons.
There was stuff never brought that up.
So it really is a sack full of nuts.
OK.
I thought I was going to teabag my, uh.
No, you have to wait until they're dead.
Otherwise they just attack when they're down.
Is there a water back in the green room there?
I'm sitting next to this bucket of vodka
and my first day of sobriety is not going down.
Yeah, the vodka's in there.
Getting my ass kicked by shadows.
Hello, Dan.
I understand you.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend, I care, Dan.
I'm assuming you're attacking with a knife.
Yeah, I'm a six knife.
I thought that was happening.
I'm getting super stabby up here.
Getting super stabby, indeed.
Although just a bit stabby, rather.
You stab Shadow Quark with your knife, dealing four damage.
I'm sorry, six damage.
Great.
I did math wrong.
It happens.
How much damage do we have to do to kill these guys?
You know, a couple more.
Some damage.
He makes it up as he goes along.
Am I wearing the cloak of resistance this entire time?
You are indeed.
It gives you a plus one to all saves.
Shadow Quark, not using his knife,
instead opting for his flaming sword, attacks Real Quark,
striking his flank.
His flank.
Dealing eight damage.
Everyone's getting destroyed right now.
This is awesome.
Putting it at Christopher's turn.
All right, well, I take, I have a boulder.
That's like a cat on nine tails kind of thing.
It's like it's two weights tied together by a cord.
Oh, so it doesn't hurt.
It just in kept it.
It'll do a bit of damage.
It'll trip people up, knock people down.
I think he forgot my scorpions a couple of weeks ago.
Gives it the Tamba Wamba effect.
Nice.
It's the Tamba Wamba effect.
It'll pick people up and knock them down.
And then you get up again.
But they'll get up again.
That's the problem.
It's kind of useless.
When I was in middle school, I went to go buy the Tamba Wamba
CD.
But the cover of it was so scary to me,
because it was like a weird baby.
And I was about to buy it.
And then I was like, I can't.
I can't.
I can't buy this double CD.
And left it at the thing.
Not a good story.
Let's wait and learn.
Well, you dodged a bullet, because it's not.
I wonder what the other songs on that CD were.
No one knows.
It's all that song over and over.
I think that band was kind of like some kind of like a hard
clear.
They were like, they were not the kind of band
that you'd expect.
Like that was like the weird random thing they did.
Yeah, they wanted to be the sex pistols.
Yeah.
They were very political.
Were they really?
Oh, that's what it was.
Yeah.
And then that was what hit.
You know?
That sucks.
It's like being a big who fan.
And then a squeeze box gets played on the radio.
And you have to explain to your friends, they don't suck.
Is it?
What did the scorpions do?
Oh, they're going to go after you.
So if I can use the volas and get one of them on the ground,
then Sharpie could electrocute them, right?
Yep.
Sharpie, what do you think of that plan?
Can I use shopping trucks?
Can I use shopping grass pickups?
Yeah, yeah.
That's a level one spell.
You've got quite a few of those to my, as far as I know.
And he got someone's babysitter's calling,
and I'm going, what happened to you?
You owe me $600, and I put your baby in the oven.
Because I was 13 when I got the job,
and now I'm experimenting with acid.
I'm saying the show's going long.
That was a really fully fleshed out person
on the other end of that call.
I wonder if they had a whole art and a lot of backskillers.
I'm going to make a request to the Tumblr community
to unpack that with pictures.
So I do the vola, and I get one of them down.
Which one?
Let's do one that has good health.
Good health.
That's a mole rain, or you can't see your doppelganger.
So I'm going to get one of them down.
You're doppelganger, so probably mole rain or sharpie.
Let's do, let's do sharpie.
All right.
Because he fucked us with those fireball things.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, you hit him.
OK, it strikes his legs, and it wraps around his legs.
And with a start, he falls over, kind of like a felled tree,
striking the ground with great vigor and a plumb.
Great, so next time.
Sharpie, next time you can just go over and electrocute.
Yeah, teeth and David.
The scorpions wheel around and pull up on Quark, Shadow Quark
rather, and strike his surface.
Sounded a lot more feasible in my headspace.
For the purist, I already rolled the attacks earlier.
I'm not just bullshitting this.
Dealing two and five damage to Quark.
Oh, man, my eye is moving.
Oh, Shadow Quark, sorry.
Sorry, it was very confusing.
OK.
I need to get a diagram.
Man, these scorpions suck as much as the band.
Some monsters aren't that great, yeah.
But it happens.
Do you want another turn, or should we cut it soon?
Well, I'd like to go.
I bet.
Like leave or do a turn?
No, do a turn.
I'd like to have a turn.
All right, you want to shoot some deer?
Got a blast over there.
Is there a toilet nearby?
Murdered some deer.
Don't go in there for 20 minutes.
Seriously, I shot a bear.
I got to go so bad right now.
I'm falling.
I'm not going to look at you guys.
He's so cute.
May I summon the great and powerful Marbles, the monkey?
Yes.
You should have said no.
Oh, Shadow Quark.
I don't know what I mean.
We murder the monkey.
Yeah, who are you attacking at?
Marbles is going to attack all the shadows.
And can I give him some tools?
No.
Give him a little outfit and a tricycle.
And a mouth gag.
Hey man, that's not cool the monkeys.
Just the one target.
Alright, who has the most...
Maybe the one down on the ground would be...
I don't know.
I don't know, I did something I don't feel like.
I send marbles towards...
Who's the one down on the ground?
Well, Sharpie's down, but Quark is almost dead.
Yeah, shadow Sharpie's on the ground, Quark is on the ropes.
Alright, well I guess I could do that.
I really believe in marbles.
I think that he could do a lot of damage to someone who had a lot to lose.
Sure man, monkeys will fuck you up.
Yeah, go for the strong one.
Okay, who's the strongest right now?
Mulraine.
That's debatable.
Probably Mulraine has the most health.
I don't know why I'm flattered.
I mean, it's not me.
It's Shadow Mulraine.
Even Mulraine is not you.
Quark?
I...
Ah!
Attack Shadow Mulraine!
That happens, yeah.
Bubbles leaps the top shadow.
Marbles!
Bubbles.
Because Michael Jackson's with you.
I'm an old man now.
No, bubbles are useless.
Marbles hit things.
Was there another string of marbles?
Summon monsters?
Bubbles.
I'm done talking.
Bubbles is Michael Jackson's.
Good night, everybody.
What if that ended the show?
Do you see how quickly they applauded?
Oh, good.
Yeah, they're like...
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so he strikes.
He strikes Shadow Mulraine dealing four damage.
Just the four.
It's a small monkey.
I have giant scorpions and they do like two points of damage.
I mean, what do you want?
These things happen.
It's fine.
It has no tools to fight with.
Like, you could kill a monkey very easily.
I don't understand why I can't give Marbles tools.
He has hands.
He's eager.
He's got a great spirit and a great backstory.
He's in it for himself.
He's like, he just appeared here.
He's going to rip some hair out.
He's not looking to apply technology situations.
Right, but how do you...
So we don't have...
He had the t-shirt that says that.
Maybe if I summon a monolith, like Marbles will touch it.
3,000 years from now.
Spencer, look, I have a connection to him.
Also, I have high nature.
Yes, I do.
Yes, but you can't tell me what I have a connection with and what I do.
I am quite literally, quite figuratively God of this realm.
Great work, everyone.
But I have handle animal and knowledge of nature.
All of these are true.
You've got to do something.
Without that, it would not even have been for them.
It might have not even known how to use a ranch or whatever.
It might have failed harder.
If it was fighting termites, you gave it a stick.
It could possibly use the stick to gather the termites.
It's kind of...
Monkeys rip people's faces off.
They're very little monkey.
This is like a foot...
Like a cooch in...
Oh, have you seen Jumanji?
That's not a good conversation start.
I'm saying it again.
You're on the first date.
Have you seen Jumanji?
Hi, menu destroyer.
Hi, I'm Aaron.
Have you seen Jumanji?
Terrible icebreaker.
You know, your car will get crushed by a monkey.
They'll ruin your dishes and they'll look like they're having a great time.
Robin Williams.
Yeah, yes, yes, I did.
I can connect up.
He was an expert.
Did you like that one?
All right, well, we should...
I guess we're not going to...
I don't want to play Dungeons and Dragons anymore.
I don't think you wanted to play when you sat down.
You did look a little grumpy.
Are you at the end of your role?
No, I just thought that would be a funny way to end the segment.
It was.
It was funny.
Thanks, guys.
All right.
That's...
We've long since given up trying to find awesome endings to the show.
The end of Dungeons and Dragons is good enough.
I do want to have a special thanks for our guest-comptroller, Bobcat Goldsway.
Thanks for having me.
I'm the Bobcat.
And you just got scratched.
And thanks to all the people that we usually thank.
If you want the full list of credits, listen to another episode of the podcast,
because Jeff usually has the whole list.
Oh, okay, yes.
We'd like to thank Baby Jesus.
Thank you for the Mars Candy Corporation.
Zach and the Booth.
Dustin is usually here, but who's been replaced with a Zoom recorder this week,
which, you know, if the show turned out fine, he's in the crosshairs.
There's Danielle.
There's Mo.
There's other people running around doing all kinds of important things.
And just thank you to Meltdown for letting us be here every week.
And thank you for your patience.
And we'll see you next Sunday night.
God bless you.
That's insincere.
Thank you Spencer.